Final merge of `feature/abci++vef` into `main` (#572)
cometbft/cometbft: docs/app-dev/indexing-transactions.md

   },
```

> will be represented as follows in the store, assuming these events result from the `finalize_block` call for height 1: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be represented as follows in the store, assuming these events result from the `FinalizeBlock` call for height 1: 
```
